chore(deps): Upgrade CEL (#2412)
cerbos/cerbos: docs/modules/policies/pages/conditions.adoc

| Operator/Function | Description | Example
| + | Concatenates lists | P.attr.teams + ["design", "engineering"]
| []       | Index into a list or a map | P.attr.teams[0] == "design" && P.attr.clients["acme"]["active"] == true
| all      | Check whether all elements in a list match the predicate. | P.attr.teams.all(t, size(t) > 3) && [1, 2, 3].all(i, j, i < j)
| distinct | Returns the distinct elements of a list | [1, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3].distinct() == [1, 2, 3]
| except   | Produces the set difference of two lists | P.attr.teams.except(["design", "engineering"]) == ["communications", "product", "commercial"]
| exists   | Check whether at least one element matching the predicate exists in a list or map. | P.attr.teams.exists(t, t.startsWith("comm")) && P.attr.limits.exists(k, v, size(k) > 3 && v > 0)

> | exists_one | Check that only one element matching the predicate exists. | P.attr.teams.exists_one(t, t.startsWith("comm")) == false && P.attr.limits.exists_one(k, v, size(k) > 3 && v > 0) == false

Reviewer: Some of these examples are a bit too complicated because users have to "run" the program inside their head 🙂 They could be simpler and much more obvious.

```suggestion
| exists_one | Check that only one element matching the predicate exists. | P.attr.teams.exists_one(t, t.startsWith("comm")) == false && P.attr.limits.exists_one(k, v, k == "design" && v > 0) == false
```

| filter   | Filter a list using the predicate. | size(P.attr.teams.filter(t, t.matches("^comm"))) == 2
| flatten   | Flattens a list. If an optional depth is provided, the list is flattened to the specified level | 1,2,[],[],[3,4]].flatten() == [1, 2, 3, 4] && [1,[2,[3,[4]]]].flatten(2) == [1, 2, 3, [4]]
| hasIntersection| Checks whether the lists have at least one common element | hasIntersection(["design", "engineering"], P.attr.teams)
| in       | Check whether the given element is contained in the list or map | ("design" in P.attr.teams) && ("acme" in P.attr.clients)
| intersect| Produces the set intersection of two lists | intersect(["design", "engineering"], P.attr.teams) == ["design"]
| isSubset | Checks whether the list is a subset of another list | ["design", "engineering"].isSubset(P.attr.teams) == false
| map      | Transform each element in a list | "DESIGN" in P.attr.teams.map(t, t.upperAscii())

> | range    | Returns a list of integers from 0 to n-1 | lists.range(5) == [0, 1, 2, 3, 4]

Reviewer: Isn't this a namespaced function that can only be invoked as `lists.range`? I think we should use the full name here.

| reverse  | Returns the elements of a list in reverse order | [5, 3, 1, 2].reverse() == [2, 1, 3, 5]
| size     | Number of elements in a list or map | size(P.attr.teams) == 4 && size(P.attr.clients) == 2
| slice    | Returns a new sub-list using the indexes provided | [1,2,3,4].slice(1, 3) == [2, 3]
| sort     | Sorts a list with comparable elements | [3, 2, 1].sort() == [1, 2, 3]
| sortBy   | Sorts a list by a key value, i.e., the order is determined by the result of an expression applied to each element of the list | [{ "name": "foo", "score": 0 },{ "name": "bar", "score": -10 },{ "name": "baz", "score": 1000 }].sortBy(e, e.score).map(e, e.name) == ["bar", "foo", "baz"]

> | transformList | Converts a map or a list into a list value. The output expression determines the contents of the output list. Elements in the list may optionally be filtered | [1, 2, 3].transformList(i, v, i % 2 == 0, (i * v) + v) == [1, 9] && +
> [1, 2, 3].transformList(i, v, (i * v) + v) == [1, 4, 9]
> | transformMap | Converts a map or a list into a map value. The output expression determines the value of the output map entry; however, the key remains fixed. Elements in the map may optionally be filtered| [1, 2, 3].transformMap(i, v, i % 2 == 0, (i * v) + v) == {0: 1, 1: 9}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| transformList | Converts a map or a list into a list value. The output expression determines the contents of the output list. Elements in the list may optionally be filtered | [1, 2, 3].transformList(i, v, i > 0, 2 * v) == [4, 6] && +
[1, 2, 3].transformList(i, v, 2 * v) == [2, 4, 6]
| transformMap | Converts a map or a list into a map value. The key remains unchanged and only the value is changed. | [1, 2, 3].transformMap(i, v, i > 0, 2 * v) == {1: 4, 2: 6}
```

| exists_one | Check that only one element matching the predicate exists. | P.attr.teams.exists_one(t, t.startsWith("comm")) == false && P.attr.limits.exists_one(k, v, k == "design" && v > 0) == false
| filter   | Filter a list using the predicate. | size(P.attr.teams.filter(t, t.matches("^comm"))) == 2
| flatten   | Flattens a list. If an optional depth is provided, the list is flattened to the specified level | [1,2,[],[],[3,4]].flatten() == [1, 2, 3, 4] && [1,[2,[3,[4]]]].flatten(2) == [1, 2, 3, [4]]
| hasIntersection| Checks whether the lists have at least one common element | hasIntersection(["design", "engineering"], P.attr.teams)
| in       | Check whether the given element is contained in the list or map | ("design" in P.attr.teams) && ("acme" in P.attr.clients)
| intersect| Produces the set intersection of two lists | intersect(["design", "engineering"], P.attr.teams) == ["design"]
| isSubset | Checks whether the list is a subset of another list | ["design", "engineering"].isSubset(P.attr.teams) == false
| map      | Transform each element in a list | "DESIGN" in P.attr.teams.map(t, t.upperAscii())

> | lists.range    | Returns a list of integers from 0 to n-1 | lists.range(5) == [0, 1, 2, 3, 4]

Reviewer: This should move one line up before `map` to maintain alphabetical order.

| math.ceil | Compute the ceiling of a double value | math.ceil(1.2) == 2.0 && math.ceil(-1.2) == -1.0
| math.floor | Compute the floor of a double value | math.floor(1.2) == 1.0 && math.floor(-1.2) == -2.0
| math.round | Rounds the double value to the nearest whole number with ties rounding away from zero, e.g. 1.5 -> 2.0, -1.5 -> -2.0 | math.round(1.2) == 1.0 && math.round(1.5) == 2.0 && math.round(-1.5) == -2.0
| math.trunc | Truncates the fractional portion of the double value | math.trunc(1.2) == 1.0 && math.trunc(-1.2) == -1.0
| math.abs | Returns the absolute value of the numeric type provided as input | math.abs(1.2) == 1.2 && math.abs(-2) == 2
| math.sign | Returns the sign of the numeric type, either -1, 0, 1 | math.sign(1.2) == 1 && math.sign(-2) == -1 && math.sign(0) == 0
| math.isInf | Returns true if the input double value is -Inf or +Inf | math.isInf(1.0/0.0) && !math.isInf(1.2)
| math.isNaN | Returns true if the input double value is NaN, false otherwise | math.isNaN(0.0/0.0) && !math.isNaN(1.2)

> | math.isFinite | Returns true if the value is a finite number | !math.isFinite(0.0/0.0) && math.isFinite(1.2)

Reviewer: Let's keep this list sorted by function name.
